chore: random fixes to various pages (#525)
cloudposse/docs: content/reference/tools.md

For a complete description, check out the [official documentation](https://github.com/segmentio/chamber#usage).

</details>

## Geodesic

![Geodesic Logo](/assets/638d917-geodesic-small.png)

|              |                                                                                                                                                              |
|:-------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| GitHub Repo  | <https://github.com/cloudposse/geodesic>                                                                                                                     |
| Release      | [![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cloudposse/geodesic.svg)](https://github.com/cloudposse/geodesic/releases)                                 |
| Build Status | [![Build Status](https://github.com/cloudposse/geodesic/workflows/docker/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cloudposse/geodesic/actions?query=workflow%3Adocker) |

### Introduction

> Geodesic is our **Docker Based Toolbox**. It's aDevOps Linux Distro that provides a fully customizable framework for defining and building world-class cloud infrastructures backed by [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) and powered by [kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/). It couples best-of-breed technologies with engineering best-practices to equip organizations with the tooling that enables infrastructure to be spun up in record time without compromises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geodesic is our **Docker Based Toolbox**. It's a DevOps Linux Distro that distributed as a docker image that has all the essential tools for automation of [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/), [kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/), etc. The toolbox can be used as a docker base image in order to ship consistent tooling and we provide packages for all [popular devops tools](https://github.com/cloudposse/packages).
```
